0. _putchar - A program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.

1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game. - Function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line. Prototype: void print_alphabet(void); You can only use _putchar twice in your code

2. 10 x alphabet - Function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line. Prototype: void print_alphabet_x10(void); You can only use _putchar twice in your code

3. islower - Function that checks for lowercase character. Prototype: int _islower(int c); Returns 1 if c is lowercase, returns 0 otherwise

4. isalpha - Function that checks for alphabetic character. Prototype: int _isalpha(int c); Returns 1 if c is a letter, lowercase or uppercase. Returns 0 otherwise

5. Sign - Function that prints the sign of a number. Prototype: int print_sign(int n); Returns 1 and prints + if n is greater than zero. Returns 0 and prints 0 if n is zero. Returns -1 and prints - if n is less than zero

6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you - Function that computes the absolute value of an integer. Prototype: int _abs(int);

7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important - Function that prints the last digit of a number. Prototype: int print_last_digit(int); Returns the value of the last digit

8. I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life - Function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

9. Learn your times table - Function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

10. a + b - Function that adds two integers and returns the result.

11. 98 Battery Street, the OG - Function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself - Function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.

13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women - If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9.

14. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A - Program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

15. Even Liber Abbaci - Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms

16. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+ - Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
